Copy editing: coordinates (#8514)
astropy/astropy: docs/coordinates/index.rst

Transformation
--------------

> One suggested way to transform to a new coordinate frame is by accessing

Author: I see, yes that's better!

    `~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord.from_name`,
    `~astropy.coordinates.EarthLocation.of_site`, and
    `~astropy.coordinates.EarthLocation.of_address` are for convenience, and

>     hence are by design rather imprecise. If you need precise coordinates for an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    hence are by design relatively low precision. If you need more precise coordinates for an
```
that might not be the best either, but in my head at least, "rather imprecise" sounds like "bad and shouldn't be used", whereas I think here we really mean "probably good enough for most cases, but doesn't provide complete and total control"?

more string-parsing capabilities.

Separating these concepts makes it easier to extend the functionality of
`~astropy.coordinates`. It allows representations, frames, and
transformations to be defined or extended separately, while still

> preserving the high-level capabilities and efficiency of the |skycoord|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preserving the high-level capabilities and ease-of-use of the |skycoord|
```
again, perhaps not the best if the goal is to get away from use like "easy", but I "efficiency" sometimes means "computational speed" in this context and here we really mean things like "easy to type", "you can use tab complete to find things", or "means you don't have to do a bunch of imports at the top".
